hey guys so once again we have the
balloon case here applied at the samsung
galaxy note 4 and today i have brought
my awesome the welding knife so last
time i did a water test to this case
here and tested whether it was
waterproof over or not and that video
was pretty popular so today we're going
to see whether is this case here check
this phone here from scratches so let's
do this and see well you see here is
balloon is easily broken oar shattered
or whatever I won't pressure too much
too light pressure not too much see the
balloon here is already getting into
smaller pieces
I really hope this one doesn't scratch
the phone so this was a pretty light
scratch test which pretty much similar
to real life so we'll see whether or not
it's protected to phone let's get it up
here it's hard to notice anything but
where's my eyes I can tell you there is
nothing at all absolutely no scratches
balloon here is totally damaged nip
doesn't work see nope no balloon but it
protected the phone from the scratches
so somehow this balloon case here make
the phone water-resistant makes it
somehow kind of scratch proof special on
the back side at least it protects it
from light scratches and that's pretty
good so that was a quick little knife
test here with the balloon case at that
balloon and a knife and the center as
you note for hope you enjoyed and if you
did you can go watch my water test how
to apply this case here if you're
interested and I'm doing videos on a
daily basis I haven't made a video for
like the past two weeks since I had a
lot of schoolwork but now I'm back again
and look forward for videos every day so
hope you enjoyed and see you guys later